docs/EntityPtr.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
search:
  boost: 0.25
---
# Class "EntityPtr"
## Constructors
### Entity·Ptr () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .const .tooltip .badge } [ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### const [EntityPtr](EntityPtr.md) EntityPtr ( [Entity](Entity.md) ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

The constructor is a global function. For example

```lua
local playerPtr = nil

local function postPlayerInit(player)
  playerPtr = EntityPtr(player)
end

local function postGameStarted()
  local player = getPlayerFromPtr(playerPtr)
end

local function getPlayerFromPtr()
  if playerPtr == nil then
    return nil
  end

  if playerPtr.Ref == nil then
    return nil
  end

  return playerPtr.Ref:ToPlayer()
end
```

___
## Functions
### Set·Reference () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetReference ( [Entity](Entity.md) ref ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
## Variables
### Ref {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Entity](Entity.md) Ref {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/EntityPtr.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
search:
  boost: 0.25
---
# Class "EntityPtr"

???+ info
    This class can be accessed by using its constructor:

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        ```lua
        local myPointer = EntityPtr(Isaac.GetPlayer())
        ```

## Constructors
### Entity·Ptr () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .const .tooltip .badge } [ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### const [EntityPtr](EntityPtr.md) EntityPtr ( [Entity](Entity.md) ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

The constructor is a global function. For example

```lua
local playerPtr = nil

local function postPlayerInit(player)
  playerPtr = EntityPtr(player)
end

local function postGameStarted()
  local player = getPlayerFromPtr(playerPtr)
end

local function getPlayerFromPtr()
  if playerPtr == nil then
    return nil
  end

  if playerPtr.Ref == nil then
    return nil
  end

  return playerPtr.Ref:ToPlayer()
end
```

___
## Functions
### Set·Reference () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetReference ( [Entity](Entity.md) ref ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
## Variables
### Ref {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Entity](Entity.md) Ref {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
