docs/EntityRef.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
search:
  boost: 0.25
---
# Class "EntityRef"
## Constructors
### Entity·Ref () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [EntityRef](EntityRef.md) EntityRef ( [Entity](Entity.md) ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

___
## Variables
### Entity {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Entity](Entity.md) Entity {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
optional

___
### Is·Charmed {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsCharmed  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Is·Friendly {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsFriendly  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Position {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Vector](Vector.md) Position  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Spawner·Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [EntityType](enums/EntityType.md) SpawnerType  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Spawner·Variant {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int SpawnerVariant  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [EntityType](enums/EntityType.md) Type  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Variant {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int Variant  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/EntityRef.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
search:
  boost: 0.25
---
# Class "EntityRef"

???+ info
    This class can be accessed by using its constructor or the following function:

    * [EntityPlayer.GetLastDamageSource()](EntityPlayer.md#getlastdamagesource)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        ```lua
        local myReference = EntityRef(Isaac.GetPlayer())
        ```

## Constructors
### Entity·Ref () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [EntityRef](EntityRef.md) EntityRef ( [Entity](Entity.md) ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

___
## Variables
### Entity {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Entity](Entity.md) Entity {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
optional

___
### Is·Charmed {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsCharmed  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Is·Friendly {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsFriendly  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Position {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Vector](Vector.md) Position  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Spawner·Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [EntityType](enums/EntityType.md) SpawnerType  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Spawner·Variant {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int SpawnerVariant  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [EntityType](enums/EntityType.md) Type  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Variant {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int Variant  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
