docs/Font.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
---
# Class "Font"

???+ info
    This class can be accessed by using its constructor or this function:

    * [Game.GetFont()](Game.md#getfont)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        ```lua
        local myFont = Font()
        ```

## Constructors
### Font () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Font](Font.md) Font ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

Constructor for the "Font" class.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawString("Hello World!",60,50,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
## Functions
### Draw·String () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawString ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .repplus .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawString ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, float sizeX, float sizeY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, [FontRenderSettings](FontRenderSettings.md) settings ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Converts UTF8 to UTF16, then draws the string on screen.

The `BoxWidth` and `Center` parameters can be used for aligning the text. Some things to note about this:

* If `BoxWidth` is zero, the text will be left-aligned and the `Center` parameter will be ignored.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua false`, then the text will be right-aligned inside the `BoxWidth` size.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua true`, then the text will be centered inside the `BoxWidth` size.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    -- In an initialization function:
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object

    -- In a render function on every frame:
    f:DrawString("Hello World!",60,50,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position (60, 50)
    ```

___
### Draw·String·Scaled () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawStringScaled ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, float ScaleX, float ScaleY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Converts UTF8 to UTF16, then draws the scaled string on the screen.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawStringScaled("Hello World!",60,50,0.5,0.5,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Draw·String·Scaled·UTF8 () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawStringScaledUTF8 ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, float ScaleX, float ScaleY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Draws a scaled string of Unicode text on the screen.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawStringScaledUTF8("Hello World!",60,50,0.5,0.5,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Draw·String·UTF8 () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawStringUTF8 ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Draws a string of Unicode text on the screen.

The `BoxWidth` and `Center` parameters can be used for aligning the text. Some things to note about this:

* If `BoxWidth` is zero, the text will be left-aligned and the `Center` parameter will be ignored.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua false`, then the text will be right-aligned inside the `BoxWidth` size.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua true`, then the text will be centered inside the `BoxWidth` size.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawStringUTF8("Hello World!",60,50,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Get·Baseline·Height () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetBaselineHeight ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the number of pixels from the absolute top of the line to the base of the characters.
___
### Get·Character·Width () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetCharacterWidth ( char Character ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the width of a specific character in pixels.
___
### Get·Line·Height () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetLineHeight ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the distance in pixels between each line of text.
___
### Get·String·Width () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetStringWidth ( string String ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Converts a string from UTF8 to UTF16, and returns the string's width in pixels.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as the parameter will crash the game.
___
### Get·String·Width·UTF8 () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetStringWidthUTF8 ( string String ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the string width of a Unicode text in pixels.
___
### Is·Loaded () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsLoaded ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns whether a font is loaded or not.
___
### Load () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Load ( string FilePath ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Loads a font.

???- note "Note"
    To check that the font actually got loaded, call the [IsLoaded()](#isloaded) method afterwards.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawString("Hello World!",60,50,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Set·Missing·Character () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetMissingCharacter ( char MissingCharacter ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Sets the character that will be used when a missing character is encountered by the font.
___
### Unload () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Unload ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Unloads the font from memory.
___

Commit message:

Some missing descriptions, as well as simplifications of other ones and some fixes (#490)
* EntityPtr clarification

* Entities descriptions and simplifications

* Font bug documentation

* Fix broken link in locusts.md

* Descriptions for Pathfinder class where I could

* Update Entity.md

* mostly revert getdata change

the final paragraph was changed a very tiny bit to make it clearer why getdata should sometimes be avoided. i also included some hyperlinks

docs/Font.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
---
# Class "Font"

???+ info
    This class can be accessed by using its constructor or this function:

    * [Game.GetFont()](Game.md#getfont)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        ```lua
        local myFont = Font()
        ```

## Constructors
### Font () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Font](Font.md) Font ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

Constructor for the "Font" class.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawString("Hello World!",60,50,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
## Functions
### Draw·String () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawString ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .repplus .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawString ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, float sizeX, float sizeY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, [FontRenderSettings](FontRenderSettings.md) settings ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Converts UTF8 to UTF16, then draws the string on screen.

The `BoxWidth` and `Center` parameters can be used for aligning the text. Some things to note about this:

* If `BoxWidth` is zero, the text will be left-aligned and the `Center` parameter will be ignored.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua false`, then the text will be right-aligned inside the `BoxWidth` size.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua true`, then the text will be centered inside the `BoxWidth` size.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    -- In an initialization function:
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object

    -- In a render function on every frame:
    f:DrawString("Hello World!",60,50,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position (60, 50)
    ```

___
### Draw·String·Scaled () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawStringScaled ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, float ScaleX, float ScaleY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Converts UTF8 to UTF16, then draws the scaled string on the screen.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawStringScaled("Hello World!",60,50,0.5,0.5,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Draw·String·Scaled·UTF8 () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawStringScaledUTF8 ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, float ScaleX, float ScaleY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Draws a scaled string of Unicode text on the screen.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawStringScaledUTF8("Hello World!",60,50,0.5,0.5,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Draw·String·UTF8 () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void DrawStringUTF8 ( string String, float PositionX, float PositionY, [KColor](KColor.md) RenderColor, int BoxWidth = 0, boolean Center = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Draws a string of Unicode text on the screen.

The `BoxWidth` and `Center` parameters can be used for aligning the text. Some things to note about this:

* If `BoxWidth` is zero, the text will be left-aligned and the `Center` parameter will be ignored.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua false`, then the text will be right-aligned inside the `BoxWidth` size.
* If `BoxWidth` is **NOT** zero, and the `Center` parameter is `:::lua true`, then the text will be centered inside the `BoxWidth` size.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as either the `String` or `RenderColor` parameters will crash the game.

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawStringUTF8("Hello World!",60,50,KColor(1,1,1,1),0,true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Get·Baseline·Height () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetBaselineHeight ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the number of pixels from the absolute top of the line to the base of the characters.
___
### Get·Character·Width () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetCharacterWidth ( char Character ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the width of a specific character in pixels.
___
### Get·Line·Height () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetLineHeight ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the distance in pixels between each line of text.
___
### Get·String·Width () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetStringWidth ( string String ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Converts a string from UTF8 to UTF16, and returns the string's width in pixels.

???- bug "Bug"
    Calling this function with `nil` as the parameter will crash the game.
___
### Get·String·Width·UTF8 () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetStringWidthUTF8 ( string String ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns the string width of a Unicode text in pixels.
___
### Is·Loaded () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsLoaded ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns whether a font is loaded or not.
___
### Load () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Load ( string FilePath ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Loads a font. To check that the font actually got loaded, call the [IsLoaded()](#isloaded) method afterwards.

???- bug "Bug"
    When loading a custom font, the path provided to this function is actually relative to the game's `resources` folder instead of your mod's `resources` folder, which is inconsistent with things such as [`Sprite:Load()`](./Sprite.md#load). You can load a custom font with the following code:

    ```lua
    local MOD_FOLDER_NAME = "mymod" -- change to your mod's directory. note that this can be different depending on how the mod was downloaded: if downloaded from the steam workshop, it will have an underscore with the mod's steam id at the end (e.g. "mymod_12345")
    local CUSTOM_FONT_FILE_PATH = "font/mycoolfont.fnt" -- relative to your "resources" folder

    local customFont = Font()
    customFont:Load("mods/" .. MOD_FOLDER_NAME .. "/resources/" .. CUSTOM_FONT_FILE_PATH)
    ```

???- example "Example Code"
    Example usage.
    ```lua
    local f = Font() -- init font object
    f:Load("font/terminus.fnt") -- load a font into the font object
    f:DrawString("Hello World!", 60, 50, KColor.White, 0, true) -- render string with loaded font on position 60x50y
    ```

___
### Set·Missing·Character () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetMissingCharacter ( char MissingCharacter ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Sets the character that will be used when a missing character is encountered by the font.
___
### Unload () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Unload ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Unloads the font from memory.
___
