docs/GridEntityDoor.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "GridEntityDoor"

## Class Diagram
--8<-- "docs/snippets/GridEntityClassDiagram.md"
## Functions
### Bar () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Bar ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Can·Blow·Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean CanBlowOpen ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Close () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Close ( boolean Force ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Get·Sprite·Offset () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .const .tooltip .badge } [ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### const [Vector](Vector.md) GetSpriteOffset ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Busted () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsBusted ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Key·Familiar·Target () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsKeyFamiliarTarget ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Locked () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsLocked ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsOpen ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Room·Type () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsRoomType ( [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) Type ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Target·Room·Arcade () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsTargetRoomArcade ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Open ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Set·Locked () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetLocked ( boolean Locked ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Set·Room·Types () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetRoomTypes ( [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) CurrentRoomType, [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) TargetRoomType ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Spawn·Dust () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SpawnDust ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Try·Blow·Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean TryBlowOpen ( boolean FromExplosion, [Entity](Entity.md) source ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
try to open the door by explosive force, true for success
___
### Try·Unlock () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean TryUnlock ([EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) player, boolean Force ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
try to unlock the door using a key, true for success
___
## Variables
### Busted {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean Busted  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Close·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string CloseAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Current·Room·Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) CurrentRoomType  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Direction {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Direction](enums/Direction.md) Direction {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Extra·Sprite {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Sprite](Sprite.md) ExtraSprite  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Additional sprite used for the door. Examples for extra sprites are: bars, chains, wooden boards, etc.
___
### Extra·Visible {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean ExtraVisible  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Toggles the visibility of the extra sprite. Examples for extra sprites are: bars, chains, wooden boards, etc.
___
### Locked·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string LockedAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Open·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string OpenAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Open·Locked·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string OpenLockedAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Previous·State {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int PreviousState  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
???+ bug "Bug"
    This variable is broken and returns userdata.

___
### Previous·Variant {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int PreviousVariant  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
???+ bug "Bug"
    This variable is broken and returns userdata.

___
### Slot {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [DoorSlot](enums/DoorSlot.md) Slot  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Target·Room·Index {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int TargetRoomIndex  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Note: this value only affects the room transition animation and does not actually change the target room.

___
### Target·Room·Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) TargetRoomType  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/GridEntityDoor.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "GridEntityDoor"

???+ info
    You can get this class by using the following function:

    * [GridEntity.ToDoor()](GridEntity.md#todoor)
    * [Room.GetDoor()](Room.md#getdoor)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        `Game():GetRoom():GetGridEntity(25):ToDoor()`

## Class Diagram
--8<-- "docs/snippets/GridEntityClassDiagram.md"
## Functions
### Bar () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Bar ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Can·Blow·Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean CanBlowOpen ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Close () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Close ( boolean Force ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Get·Sprite·Offset () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .const .tooltip .badge } [ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### const [Vector](Vector.md) GetSpriteOffset ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Busted () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsBusted ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Key·Familiar·Target () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsKeyFamiliarTarget ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Locked () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsLocked ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsOpen ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Room·Type () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsRoomType ( [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) Type ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Is·Target·Room·Arcade () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsTargetRoomArcade ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Open ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Set·Locked () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetLocked ( boolean Locked ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Set·Room·Types () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetRoomTypes ( [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) CurrentRoomType, [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) TargetRoomType ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Spawn·Dust () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SpawnDust ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Try·Blow·Open () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean TryBlowOpen ( boolean FromExplosion, [Entity](Entity.md) source ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
try to open the door by explosive force, true for success
___
### Try·Unlock () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean TryUnlock ([EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) player, boolean Force ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
try to unlock the door using a key, true for success
___
## Variables
### Busted {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean Busted  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Close·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string CloseAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Current·Room·Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) CurrentRoomType  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Direction {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Direction](enums/Direction.md) Direction {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Extra·Sprite {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [Sprite](Sprite.md) ExtraSprite  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Additional sprite used for the door. Examples for extra sprites are: bars, chains, wooden boards, etc.
___
### Extra·Visible {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean ExtraVisible  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Toggles the visibility of the extra sprite. Examples for extra sprites are: bars, chains, wooden boards, etc.
___
### Locked·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string LockedAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Open·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string OpenAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Open·Locked·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string OpenLockedAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Previous·State {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int PreviousState  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
???+ bug "Bug"
    This variable is broken and returns userdata.

___
### Previous·Variant {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int PreviousVariant  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
???+ bug "Bug"
    This variable is broken and returns userdata.

___
### Slot {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [DoorSlot](enums/DoorSlot.md) Slot  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Target·Room·Index {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int TargetRoomIndex  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Note: this value only affects the room transition animation and does not actually change the target room.

___
### Target·Room·Type {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [RoomType](enums/RoomType.md) TargetRoomType  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
