docs/GridEntityPoop.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "GridEntityPoop"

## Class Diagram
--8<-- "docs/snippets/GridEntityClassDiagram.md"
## Functions
### Reduce·Spawn·Rate () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ReduceSpawnRate ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Respawn·Red·Poop () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void RespawnRedPoop ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
## Variables
### Reduced·Spawn·Rate {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abp .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean ReducedSpawnRate  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
This attribute got removed with Repentance.
___
### Revive·Timer {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int ReviveTimer  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### State·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string StateAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Under·Player {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean UnderPlayer  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Used to determine when player moves away from the poop.
___

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/GridEntityPoop.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "GridEntityPoop"

???+ info
    You can get this class by using the following function:

    * [GridEntity.ToPoop()](GridEntity.md#topoop)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        `Game():GetRoom():GetGridEntity(25):ToPoop()`

## Class Diagram
--8<-- "docs/snippets/GridEntityClassDiagram.md"
## Functions
### Reduce·Spawn·Rate () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ReduceSpawnRate ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Respawn·Red·Poop () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void RespawnRedPoop ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
## Variables
### Reduced·Spawn·Rate {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abp .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean ReducedSpawnRate  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
This attribute got removed with Repentance.
___
### Revive·Timer {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int ReviveTimer  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### State·Animation {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string StateAnimation  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Under·Player {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean UnderPlayer  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
Used to determine when player moves away from the poop.
___
