docs/GridEntityRock.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "GridEntityRock"

## Class Diagram
--8<-- "docs/snippets/GridEntityClassDiagram.md"
## Functions
### Get·Big·Rock·Frame () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetBigRockFrame ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Get·Rubble·Anim () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string GetRubbleAnim ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Get·Sprite () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .const .tooltip .badge } [ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### const [Sprite](Sprite.md) GetSprite ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Same as the Repentance exclusive function [GetSprite()](GridEntity.md#getsprite).

___
### Set·Big·Rock·Frame () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetBigRockFrame ( int Frame ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Update·Anim·Frame () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void UpdateAnimFrame ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
## Variables
### Anim {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string Anim  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Frame·Cnt {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int FrameCnt  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Rubble·Anim {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string RubbleAnim  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/GridEntityRock.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "GridEntityRock"

???+ info
    You can get this class by using the following function:

    * [GridEntity.ToRock()](GridEntity.md#torock)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        `Game():GetRoom():GetGridEntity(25):ToRock()`

## Class Diagram
--8<-- "docs/snippets/GridEntityClassDiagram.md"
## Functions
### Get·Big·Rock·Frame () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int GetBigRockFrame ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Get·Rubble·Anim () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string GetRubbleAnim ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Get·Sprite () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .const .tooltip .badge } [ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### const [Sprite](Sprite.md) GetSprite ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Same as the Repentance exclusive function [GetSprite()](GridEntity.md#getsprite).

___
### Set·Big·Rock·Frame () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetBigRockFrame ( int Frame ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
### Update·Anim·Frame () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### void UpdateAnimFrame ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

___
## Variables
### Anim {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string Anim  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Frame·Cnt {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int FrameCnt  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Rubble·Anim {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string RubbleAnim  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
