docs/HUD.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "HUD"
## Functions
### Assign·Player·HUDs () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void AssignPlayerHUDs ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Refreshes the HUD (e.g. Characters that have Parent specified no longer show their health in the main HUD).
___
### Flash·Charge·Bar () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void FlashChargeBar ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player, [ActiveSlot](enums/ActiveSlot.md) ActiveSlot ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Causes the charge bar of the active item in the specified slot to blink as if it had gained charges

___
### Invalidate·Active·Item () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void InvalidateActiveItem ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player, [ActiveSlot](enums/ActiveSlot.md) ActiveSlot ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Forces the specified active item slot to update, this might be useful for functions that modify an active item slot without directly giving or removing items

___
### Invalidate·Crafting·Item () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void InvalidateCraftingItem ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Forces the crafting output from Bag of Crafting to update (this might become useful in the future)

___
### Is·Visible () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsVisible ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns false if HUD is invisible and true otherwise.
___
### Post·Update () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void PostUpdate ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
___
### Render () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Render ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
___
### Set·Visible () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetVisible ( boolean Visible = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Turns the HUD on or off.
___
### Show·Fortune·Text () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ShowFortuneText ( string MainString, string SecondaryString, ... ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Allows to display fortune streak with text. Accepts unlimited amount of arguments.
___
### Show·Item·Text () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ShowItemText ( string MainString, string SecondaryString, boolean IsCurseDisplay = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

Displays "streak text". You can use this to simulate the player picking up an item without them actually picking anything up. The name of the method is misleading, as you can generate any arbitrary text - it does not necessarily have to do with an item.

This method is overloaded, meaning that you can use two different sets of parameters, depending on your needs. (See the subsequent section.)

For example:

```lua
local function showHelpText()
  local game = Game()
  local hud = game:GetHUD()

  hud:ShowItemText("Don't touch the spikes!", "It will drain your mana.")
end
```

___
### Show·Item·Text () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ShowItemText ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player, [ItemConfigItem](ItemConfig_Item.md) Item) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

Displays "streak text". You can use this to simulate the player picking up an item without them actually picking anything up.

This method is overloaded, meaning that you can use two different sets of parameters, depending on your needs. (See the previous section.)

For example:

```lua
local function showSadOnionText()
  local game = Game()
  local hud = game:GetHUD()
  local itemConfig = Isaac.GetItemConfig()

  local player = Isaac.GetPlayer()
  local itemConfigItem = itemConfig:GetCollectible(CollectibleType.COLLECTIBLE_SAD_ONION)
  hud:ShowItemText(player, itemConfigItem)
end
```

___
### Update () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Update ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/HUD.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "HUD"

???+ info
    You can get this class by using the following function:

    * [Game.GetHUD()](Game.md#gethud)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        `Game():GetHUD()`

## Functions
### Assign·Player·HUDs () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void AssignPlayerHUDs ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Refreshes the HUD (e.g. Characters that have Parent specified no longer show their health in the main HUD).
___
### Flash·Charge·Bar () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void FlashChargeBar ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player, [ActiveSlot](enums/ActiveSlot.md) ActiveSlot ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Causes the charge bar of the active item in the specified slot to blink as if it had gained charges

___
### Invalidate·Active·Item () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void InvalidateActiveItem ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player, [ActiveSlot](enums/ActiveSlot.md) ActiveSlot ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Forces the specified active item slot to update, this might be useful for functions that modify an active item slot without directly giving or removing items

___
### Invalidate·Crafting·Item () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void InvalidateCraftingItem ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Forces the crafting output from Bag of Crafting to update (this might become useful in the future)

___
### Is·Visible () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsVisible ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Returns false if HUD is invisible and true otherwise.
___
### Post·Update () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void PostUpdate ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
___
### Render () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Render ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
___
### Set·Visible () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void SetVisible ( boolean Visible = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Turns the HUD on or off.
___
### Show·Fortune·Text () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ShowFortuneText ( string MainString, string SecondaryString, ... ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
Allows to display fortune streak with text. Accepts unlimited amount of arguments.
___
### Show·Item·Text () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ShowItemText ( string MainString, string SecondaryString, boolean IsCurseDisplay = false ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

Displays "streak text". You can use this to simulate the player picking up an item without them actually picking anything up. The name of the method is misleading, as you can generate any arbitrary text - it does not necessarily have to do with an item.

This method is overloaded, meaning that you can use two different sets of parameters, depending on your needs. (See the subsequent section.)

For example:

```lua
local function showHelpText()
  local game = Game()
  local hud = game:GetHUD()

  hud:ShowItemText("Don't touch the spikes!", "It will drain your mana.")
end
```

___
### Show·Item·Text () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void ShowItemText ( [EntityPlayer](EntityPlayer.md) Player, [ItemConfigItem](ItemConfig_Item.md) Item) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }

Displays "streak text". You can use this to simulate the player picking up an item without them actually picking anything up.

This method is overloaded, meaning that you can use two different sets of parameters, depending on your needs. (See the previous section.)

For example:

```lua
local function showSadOnionText()
  local game = Game()
  local hud = game:GetHUD()
  local itemConfig = Isaac.GetItemConfig()

  local player = Isaac.GetPlayer()
  local itemConfigItem = itemConfig:GetCollectible(CollectibleType.COLLECTIBLE_SAD_ONION)
  hud:ShowItemText(player, itemConfigItem)
end
```

___
### Update () {: aria-label='Functions' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }
#### void Update ( ) {: .copyable aria-label='Functions' }
