docs/ItemConfig_Costume.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "ItemConfigCostume"
## Variables
### Anm2Path {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string Anm2Path  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Has·Overlay {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean HasOverlay  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Has·Skin·Alt {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean HasSkinAlt  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### ID {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int ID  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Is·Flying {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsFlying  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Overwrite·Color {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean OverwriteColor  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Priority {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int Priority  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Skin·Color {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### SkinColor SkinColor  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
???+ bug "Bug"
    Since it returns UserData, this function is unusable and therefore broken.

___

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/ItemConfig_Costume.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Class
---
# Class "ItemConfigCostume"

???+ info
    You can get this class by using the following function:

    * [ItemConfigItem.Costume](ItemConfig_Item.md#costume)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        `Isaac.GetItemConfig():GetCollectible(CollectibleType.COLLECTIBLE_SAD_ONION).Costume`

## Variables
### Anm2Path {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### string Anm2Path  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Has·Overlay {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean HasOverlay  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Has·Skin·Alt {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean HasSkinAlt  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### ID {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int ID  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Is·Flying {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean IsFlying  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Overwrite·Color {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### boolean OverwriteColor  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Priority {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### int Priority  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Skin·Color {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### SkinColor SkinColor  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }
???+ bug "Bug"
    Since it returns UserData, this function is unusable and therefore broken.

___
