docs/KColor.md, before:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
---
# Class "KColor"
## Constructors
### KColor () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [KColor](KColor.md) KColor ( float red, float green, float blue, float alpha ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

Constructor for the "KColor" class.

???+ note "Notes"
	"KColor" is only used in the [Font](Font.md) class. For most other situations you will need to use the [Color()](Color.md) constructor.

___
## Constants
### KColor.Black {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 0, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Red {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 0, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Green {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 1, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Blue {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 0, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Yellow {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 1, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Cyan {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 1, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Magenta {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 0, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.White {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 1, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Transparent {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 0, 0, 0)`.
___

## Variables
### Alpha {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Alpha  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Blue {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Blue  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Green {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Green  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Red {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Red  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___

Commit message:

Added example code and getter functions for all classes

docs/KColor.md, after:

---
tags:
  - Globals
  - Class
---
# Class "KColor"

???+ info
    This class can be accessed by using its constructor or the following function:

    * [Sprite.GetTexel()](Sprite.md#gettexel)

    ???+ example "Example Code"
        ```lua
        local myKColor = KColor(1,0,0,1)
        ```

## Constructors
### KColor () {: aria-label='Constructors' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### [KColor](KColor.md) KColor ( float red, float green, float blue, float alpha ) {: .copyable aria-label='Constructors' }

Constructor for the "KColor" class.

???+ note "Notes"
	"KColor" is only used in the [Font](Font.md) class. For most other situations you will need to use the [Color()](Color.md) constructor.

___
## Constants
### KColor.Black {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 0, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Red {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 0, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Green {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 1, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Blue {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 0, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Yellow {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 1, 0, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Cyan {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 1, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Magenta {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 0, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.White {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(1, 1, 1, 1)`.
___
### KColor.Transparent {: aria-label='Constants' }
[ ](#){: .rep .tooltip .badge }

Equivalent to `:::lua KColor(0, 0, 0, 0)`.
___

## Variables
### Alpha {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Alpha  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Blue {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Blue  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Green {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Green  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
### Red {: aria-label='Variables' }
[ ](#){: .abrep .tooltip .badge }
#### float Red  {: .copyable aria-label='Variables' }

___
